README.md, before:

# File Preview Data and Analysis


- [Overview](#overview)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [Installation Guide](#installation-guide)
- [License](#license)
- [Issues](https://github.com/dna-storage/ncomm-file-preview/issues)

# Overview

Scripts and data in support of "preview" operations in a pending manuscript.

# Documentation

As documentation for the software becomes available, it will be placed under the docs folder.

# System Requirements

## Hardware Requirements
This code requires only a standard computer with enough RAM and compute power to support the needed operations.

## Software Requirements
### OS Requirements
This package is supported for macOS and Linux. The package has been tested on the following systems:

+ macOS: Catalina 10.15.3
+ Linux: Ubuntu 18.04.3

Note that most OSes will support our software by using Docker.

### Library Dependences

Other than python and python packages installed next, there are no other libraries beyond what are typically available on macOS or Linux. 

### Python Dependences

Our code has been written and tested on python versions 3.6 to 3.9. It has the following dependences:

```
nose
sphinx
biopython
editdistance
statistics
matplotlib
scipy
Pillow
bitarray
-e git+http://github.com/dna-storage/dnastorage.git@v0.9.2-alpha#egg=dnastorage
-e git+http://github.com/dna-storage/dnapreview.git#egg=dnapreview
```

# Installation Guide

## Use your local python environment 

For a partial install of this repo, you simply use python 3 already installed on your system.

1. First, create a suitable virtual environment:

    ```
    python3 -m venv env
    source env/bin/activate
    ```

2. Next, download or clone the repo:

    ```
    git clone https://github.com/dna-storage/ncomm-file-preview
    ```

3. Install dependencies:

    ```
    cd ncomm-file-preview
    pip3 install -r requirements.txt
    ```

However, this only installs some of the capabilities. The Docker image supports the full set of experiments.

## Use Docker

If you do not already have Docker, you will need to install Docker on your system. It is available for free for most versions of Windows, Linux, and MacOS. You may need to be the owner or administrator of the system to install Docker.

Instructions for setting up Docker.  From a command prompt, run these commands:

    git clone https://github.com/dna-storage/ncomm-file-preview
    cd ncomm-file-preview
    docker build -t filepreview:1.0 .
    docker run -it -v `pwd`:/preview filepreview:1.0 /bin/bash

This will bring up a command prompt in a Linux container where commands can be executed. 

## Run Our Analyses

Run the main script this way:

    python3 run.py 
    
This command should run to completion within a few minutes.

# License

This software is released under the MIT License.

Commit message:

updated Dockerfile and Travis CI testing to import preview-cluster.

README.md, after:

# File Preview Data and Analysis


- [Overview](#overview)
- [Documentation](#documentation)
- [System Requirements](#system-requirements)
- [Installation Guide](#installation-guide)
- [License](#license)
- [Issues](https://github.com/dna-storage/ncomm-file-preview/issues)

# Overview

Scripts and data in support of "preview" operations in a pending manuscript. This is the main repository and relies on two others:
   ```
   github.com/dna-storage/dnapreview.git
   github.com/dna-storage/preview-cluster.git
   ```

# Documentation

As documentation for the software becomes available, it will be placed under the docs folder.

# System Requirements

## Hardware Requirements
This code requires only a standard computer with enough RAM and compute power to support the needed operations.

## Software Requirements
### OS Requirements
This package is supported for macOS and Linux. The package has been tested on the following systems:

+ macOS: Catalina 10.15.3
+ Linux: Ubuntu 18.04.3

Note that most OSes will support our software by using Docker.

### Library Dependences

Other than python and python packages installed next, there are no other libraries beyond what are typically available on macOS or Linux. 

### Python Dependences

Our code has been written and tested on python versions 3.6 to 3.9. It has the following dependences:

```
nose
sphinx
biopython
editdistance
statistics
matplotlib
scipy
Pillow
bitarray
-e git+http://github.com/dna-storage/dnastorage.git@v0.9.2-alpha#egg=dnastorage
-e git+http://github.com/dna-storage/dnapreview.git#egg=dnapreview
```

# Installation Guide

## Use your local python environment 

For a partial install of this repo, you simply use python 3 already installed on your system.

1. First, create a suitable virtual environment:

    ```
    python3 -m venv env
    source env/bin/activate
    ```

2. Next, download or clone the repo:

    ```
    git clone https://github.com/dna-storage/ncomm-file-preview
    ```

3. Install dependencies:

    ```
    cd ncomm-file-preview
    pip3 install -r requirements.txt
    ```

However, this only installs some of the software. The Docker image supports the full set of experiments.

## Use Docker

If you do not already have Docker, you will need to install Docker on your system. It is available for free for most versions of Windows, Linux, and MacOS. You may need to be the owner or administrator of the system to install Docker.

Instructions for setting up Docker.  From a command prompt, run these commands:

    git clone https://github.com/dna-storage/ncomm-file-preview
    cd ncomm-file-preview
    docker build -t filepreview:1.0 .
    docker run -it -v `pwd`:/preview filepreview:1.0 /bin/bash

This will bring up a command prompt in a Linux container where commands can be executed. 

## Run Our Analyses

Run the main script this way:

    python3 run.py 
    
This command should run to completion within a few minutes.

# License

This software is released under the MIT License.
